hello it is dawn death here I'm gonna
give you a game play on the map aquarius
beach not a gameplay sorry about that a
walk through through the map now this
map is slight it's the beginning if
you're play the campaign is the
beginning of where you start at so it's
right here it's not exactly like it but
it looks like if i miss you so let's go
ahead going underground so here's two
walks way to go on the ground and here's
increase l should view it for that and
that's the right let's go right because
there's no real stairs going up there
and you'll find yourself with this
machine but you can't do much with it we
can't do anything with it but yeah it's
pretty interesting um we got a little
walkway through over here and just
increased damage like the radish that's
pretty cool now let's keep going by the
side there's not much there that's the
door I think it's door won't open not
that I know can go up there I don't
think so so there's little oh this where
you can seal the spawn or you spawn
actually just like them or whatever you
prefer to do there's a to walk where you
can't get up there's probably a fee to
preset you jump and crease what it's
called but yeah that's it for down here
let's go ahead and go upstairs the
second floor actually the roof this
double i was called hell for you that's
good alien gun right there pretty cool
then you get up here in these rocks
there's so much over there oh and look
at this spot right here kill them one or
spotting ha that's what I like well then
you can actually get up on top page box
you can use a sniper up here kinda hard
to get up but you just come up here and
also like just kill my here and let's go
down here watch out for that Hall right
there you can also kill in my hair oops
boots but yeah it's from up there and
that's pretty much it I cover the whole
map so the is two or three for the maps
the third one hopefully we call me right
now if I have time so that is it please
check out the other video link should be
on it right about now so see ya